Add controllers documentation (#101)
megaease/easegress: doc/controllers.md

  - [Common Types](#common-types)
    - [tracing.Spec](#tracingspec)
    - [zipkin.Spec](#zipkinspec)
    - [ipfilter.Spec](#ipfilterspec)
    - [httpserver.Rule](#httpserverrule)
    - [httpserver.Path](#httpserverpath)
    - [httpserver.Header](#httpserverheader)
    - [httppipeline.Flow](#httppipelineflow)
    - [httppipeline.Filter](#httppipelinefilter)
    - [easemonitormetrics.Kafka](#easemonitormetricskafka)

As the [architecture diagram](./architecture.png) shows, the controller is the core entity to control kinds of working. There are two kinds of controllers overall:

- System Controller: It is created one and only one instance in every Easegress node, which can't be deleted. They mainly aim to control essential system-level stuff.
- Business Controller: It could be created, updated, deleted by admin operation. They control various resources such as mesh traffic, service discovery, faas, and so on.

In another view, Easegress as a traffic orchestration system, we could classify them into traffic controller and non-traffic controller:

- Traffic Controller: It invokes TrafficController to handle its specific traffic, such as MeshController.

> - Non-Traffic Controller: It doesn't handle business traffic, such as EurekaServiceRegistry even it has admin traffic with Eureka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Non-Traffic Controller: It doesn't handle business traffic, such as EurekaServiceRegistry, even though it has admin traffic with Eureka.
```

The two categories are conceptual, which means they are not strict distinctions. We just use them as terms to clarify controllers technically.

## System Controllers

> For now, all system controllers can not be configured. It may get the ability if necessary in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, all system controllers can not be configured. It may gain this capability if necessary in the future.
```

### TrafficController

> TrafficController handles the lifecycle of HTTPServer and HTTPPipeline and their relationship. It manages the resource in a namespaced way. HTTPServer accepts incoming traffic and route to HTTPPipelines in the same namespace. Most other controllers could handle traffic by leverage the ability of TrafficController..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TrafficController handles the lifecycle of HTTPServer and HTTPPipeline and their relationship. It manages the resource in a namespaced way. HTTPServer accepts incoming traffic and routes it to HTTPPipelines in the same namespace. Most other controllers could handle traffic by leverage the ability of TrafficController..
```

### RawConfigTrafficController

> RawConfigTrafficController maps all traffic static config to TrafficController in the namespace `default`. We could use `egctl` to manage the config of the server and pipeline in the default namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RawConfigTrafficController maps all traffic static configurations to TrafficController in the namespace `default`. We could use `egctl` to manage the configuration of servers and pipelines in the default namespace.
```

#### HTTPServer

> HTTPServer is the server listening on one port to route all traffic to available pipelines. Its simplest config looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTPServer is a server that listens on one port to route all traffic to available pipelines. Its simplest config looks like:
```

| xForwardedFor    | bool                               | Whether to set X-Forwarded-For header by own ip                                          | No                   |
| tracing          | [tracing.Spec](#tracingSpec)       | Distributed tracing settings                                                             | No                   |
| certBaset64      | string                             | Public key of PEM encoded data in base64 encoded format                                  | No                   |
| keyBase64        | string                             | Private key of PEM encoded data in base64 encoded format                                 | No                   |
| certs            | map[string]string                  | Public keys of PEM encoded data, the key is the logic pair name, which must match keys   | No                   |
| keys             | map[string]string                  | Private keys of PEM encoded data, the key is the logic pair name, which must match certs | No                   |

> | ipFilter         | [ipfilter.Spec](#ipfilterSpec)     | IP Filter for all traffic under the server                                               | No                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ipFilter         | [ipfilter.Spec](#ipfilterSpec)     | IP Filter for all traffic through the server                                               | No                   |
```

Author: `under` is my essential meaning.

Reviewer: OK

| rules            | [httpserver.Rule](#httpserverRule) | Router rules                                                                             | No                   |

#### HTTPPipeline

HTTPPipeline uses the Chain of Responsibility pattern to orchestrate filters. Its simplest config looks like:

```yaml
name: http-pipeline-example
kind: HTTPPipeline

# Built-in labels are `END` which can't be used by filters.
flow:
  - filter: proxy
    jumpIf: { fallback: END }
filters:
  - name: proxy
    kind: Proxy
    mainPool:
      servers:
      - url: http://127.0.0.1:9095
      loadBalance:
        policy: roundRobin
```

| Name    | Type                                         | Description                          | Required |
| ------- | -------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ | -------- |
| flow    | [httppipeline.Flow](#httppipelineFlow)       | Flow of http pipeline                | No       |
| Filters | [][httppipeline.Filter](#httppipelineFilter) | Filters definitions of http pipeline | Yes      |

### StatusSyncController

No config.

## Business Controllers

### EaseMonitorMetrics

> EaseMonitorMetrics adapts to monitor metrics of Easegress, and sends them to Kafka. The config looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EaseMonitorMetrics is adapted to monitor metrics of Easegress and send them to Kafka. The config looks like:
```

| key     | string   | Header key to match                                                 | Yes      |
| values  | []string | Header values to match                                              | No       |
| regexp  | string   | Header value in regular expression to match                         | No       |
| backend | string   | backend name (pipeline name in static config, service name in mesh) | Yes      |

### httppipeline.Flow

| Name   | Type              | Description                                                                                                                                                                           | Required |
| ------ | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| filter | string            | The filter name                                                                                                                                                                       | Yes      |

> | jumpIf | map[string]string | Jump another filter in some conditions, the key is the result of the current filter, the value is the jumping filter name. `END` is the built-in value for the ending of the pipeline | No       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| jumpIf | map[string]string | Jump to another filter conditionally, the key is the result of the current filter, the value is the jumping filter name. `END` is the built-in value for the ending of the pipeline | No       |
```
